<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.

h http://java.sun.com/jsf/core
f http://java.sun.com/jsf/html
c http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core
fn http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/functions
ui http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets

-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">
        <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
        <title>test - template</title>
    </head>
    <body>

<ui:composition template="/resources/template.xhtml">
    <ui:param name="title" value="JDataGrid Spreadsheet Web Components" />
    <ui:define name="content">
        
<h1>JComponentPack Web Components</h1>
    <div class="box">
    <p><b>JDataGrid Spreadsheet Web Components</b></p>
    The JDataGrid Spreadsheet Web Components is a new innovation in JComponentPack 3.0, it's different with the traditional Applet-Servlet communication components, all configuration can be completed on the server, the JDataGrid spreadsheet clients includes JDataGrid spreadsheet Applet only need specify the servlet URI, then the license will setup automatically, open and save the spreadsheet file will work magically.
    <p />
    <div class="box">
    <b>It has the following features:</b>
    <ul>
        <li>Read and configure the license data from web server automatically.</li>
        <li>Open spreadsheet file from web server in background thread magically.</li>
        <li>Save spreadsheet file to web server in background thread magically.</li>
        <li>Configure the server's directory to read, save the spreadsheet file.</li>
        <li>Provide API to hook the server operation includes read and save the spreadsheet file.</li>
    </ul>
    </div>
    </div>

    <div class="box">
    <b>JDataGrid Applet Demo With Web Components:</b>
    <ul>
      <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datagridapplet_servercomponents.xhtml">JDataGridApplet Demo With Web Components</a></li>
        <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datagridbeanapplet_servercomponents.xhtml">JDataGridBeanApplet Demo With Web Components</a></li>
    </ul>
    <!--
    <b>JavaFX Demo With Web Components:</b>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datagrid-fx-demo.xhtml">JDataGrid Demo for JavaFX With Web Components</a></li>
        <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datagridbean-fx-demo.xhtml">JDataGridBean Demo for JavaFX With Web Components</a></li>
    </ul>
    -->
    </div>

    <div class="box">
    <b>JDataGrid Applet Demo Without Web Components:</b>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datagridapplet.xhtml">JDataGridApplet Demo</a></li>
        <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datagridbeanapplet.xhtml">JDataGridBeanApplet Demo</a></li>
    </ul>
    </div>

    <div class="box">
    <p><b>JDataTable Web Components</b></p>
    The JDataTable Web Components is a new innovation in JComponentPack 3.0, all configuration can be completed on the server, the JDataGrid database clients includes JDataGrid database Applet only need specify the servlet URI, then the license will setup automatically, it will load the appropriate JDBC driver automatically, read the RecordSet from the Database, save the RecordSet changes to the database magically.
    <p />
    <div class="box">
    <b>It has the following features:</b>
    <ul>
        <li>Read and configure the license data from web server automatically.</li>
        <li>Load the appropriate JDBC driver automatically.</li>
        <li>Read the RecordSet from the Database magically.</li>
        <li>Save the RecordSet changes to the database magically.</li>
        <li>Provide API to hook the server operation includes read and save the record set.</li>
    </ul>
    </div>
    </div>

    <div class="box">
      <b>JDataTable Applet Demo With Web Components:</b>
      <ul>
        <li>JDataTableApplet (<a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datatableapplet_servercomponents.xhtml">Demo1</a> | <a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datatableapplet_servercomponents2.xhtml">Demo2</a>)</li>
        <li>JDataTableBeanApplet (<a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datatablebeanapplet_servercomponents.xhtml">Demo1</a> | <a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/products/componentpack/datatablebeanapplet_servercomponents2.xhtml">Demo2</a>)</li>
      </ul>
    </div>

    <div class="box">
      <b>Links</b>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/datagrid.xhtml">JDataGrid Configuration</a></li>
        <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/license-tool.xhtml">License Tool</a></li>
        <li><a href="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/contact.xhtml">Contact Us</a></li>
      </ul>
    </div>
</ui:define>
</ui:composition>

</body>
</html>
